> Site-specific
---------------------------------------------------------------!
    To-do [PRIORITY]:
        Fill all "drawings" data into drawings.html

        Page layout for individual drawings

        Fill all "gadgets" data into gadgets.html

        'Inserting floppy disk' animation

    ^ Spinning floppy disk icon will link to the individual drawing/gadgets' page
---------------------------------------------------------------!

    Consider:
        Stamps so websurfers can link to your site
        Music box
        Add content to blog.html, other.html, etc.

> Projects
    Programming:
        Automata theory reading
        Sudoku puzzle generator and solver
        Optimized control abacus

    Drawing:
        Portfolio pieces !! <

        "Tyto albot" species
        "Should machines think?"










    Concept details:
    1)
        Alien barn owl people send mechanical barn owls to drive out/compromise
        Earth's barn owls to gather intel on humans

        Point: Show viewers something so wacky that it makes them uncomfortable with
        anything resembling it in modern day (i.e. barn owl people angry that
        humans don't like their more "efficient" machine barn owls; barn owl
        people insisting that it is better to replace barn owls with machines for
        the sake of efficiency/profit)
        (Insisting Earths barn owls are weak, useless)

            The barn owls have begun to show strange behaviors. We caught one to research the other day.
            On the lab security footage, it appears to have spun its head multiple times in the same direction.
            It is equally as active in the day as it is at night.

            The tyto albot is a bird species documented by Ornis Technology researchers
            in 1990. Though the species closely resembles the barn owl, it has shown behaviors
            anomalous enough to be classi

            It turns out that the sharp decrease in the barn owl population is
            due to a strange new bird species in the area. Though the species appears
            similar to the barn owl, it has shown behaviors anomalous enough to give
            scientist a reason to suspect it is something entirely different. 
            
            Dubbed the "tyto albot" by
            locals, it resembles the barn owl (tyto alba), but its behaviors are so
            (?? Idk rambling but these are things you could write on the piece i guess)

    2)
        Users of a certain mobile app report amnesic(?) symptoms even if not
        predisposed to amnesia

        "Resetting your brain" fearing you are no longer yourself; wanting to start again